Who will die?
Not necessarily.
Why do you still want to resist?
You think you do things flawlessly
But there are always setbacks.
Don't worry, I'll find the flaw
Bite to death
Is it just you, a wolf boat?
Pull, go find it
Be sure to remember to show it to me.
Yi Xian
He Xiaozhe acted cautiously
Killed a lot of people before
But no evidence
Even if he did it
We can't do anything to him
Don't worry, I'll find it.
Mr. Liang
No one wanted it to come to this.
I have a proposition.
no.
What question?
The best thing in my family is to help people teach
You give me 10 million
Let this kid kowtow to me a few more times
I promise not a word will go out of this.
It will not affect the listing of Yinyang City
Boy, how despicable are you?
clear
Let me clean up this expression
I'll teach it well.
Your offer is still exempt, right?
One person does things and one person does things
My Liang Chunqiu's mistakes will never involve Ye County
Fine, then you die with him